Sam Pendergest  0:05  
One of the topics that I found very interesting while reading this chapter was the use of AI inside large companies. I thought it was interesting that they used peloton as an example, and how they're using integrating AI into a company that's already so large globally. I also found it interesting how they use

Sam Pendergest  0:39  
AI in the new

Sam Pendergest  0:42  
Alipay system, and I like how they contrasted AI usages in both companies, and how they're comparing a smaller startup company that's dropped expanding to peloton that's already

Sam Pendergest  1:01  
huge globally,

Sam Pendergest  1:04  
and I'm interested in how AI is used differently between the two companies.

Sam Pendergest  1:15  
One thing that I don't think I found confusing, but rather wanted to learn more About was Acadia's. Is Acadia?

Sam Pendergest  1:30  
Acadia?

Sam Pendergest  1:33  
Ocado's

Sam Pendergest  1:42  
ai prediction model and how their AI predicts when customers will actually need products before the customers ever replace an order. It's really interesting how they're using that technology to organize when their trucks need to come to the facility, and they're planning out their truck route before customers have ever even placed an order, and before orders even come in. I think that's very interesting, how they're so confident in their customer and their AI prediction model that they are routing their trucks in and planning their truck schedule before they know for sure that Customers are actually going to be ordering these products. I

Sam Pendergest  2:43  
on one hand, they're taking a large gamble by bringing trucks in, possibly without the certainty that customers are actually going to order these products that

Sam Pendergest  2:58  
are needed in these trucks.

Sam Pendergest  3:00  
But on the other hand, they have great experience, and their AI model is probably extremely accurate. And even if it doesn't get every single customer's order perfectly correct, they're probably experiencing enough large volume orders, but the trucks are still being filled, and maybe not. Every truck uses 100% of their space, but they're still sending

Sam Pendergest  3:32  
large orders out, and

Sam Pendergest  3:36  
their model is only, is probably only growing more and more accurate with every prediction, and the confirmation of every prediction and how it's learning off of how well it's doing. I'm sure. I don't think that there's confusing there how they're using the AI product in prediction, but I definitely found it interesting, and would consider reading more into it and learning more about the system,

Sam Pendergest  4:13  
and would love to see

Sam Pendergest  4:16  
statistics backing up how accurate the system may or may not be the.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
