Unknown Speaker  0:10  
Sorry, Professor, I thought that my I just completely forgot to read the whole instruction, so my last discussion was definitely not 10 minutes long. I

Unknown Speaker  0:28  
so I'll film some more discussion, and this one specifically, I think, will focus on topics that I found interesting, because the bulk of my transcript was about acadeos and how acado is using AI in their companies.

Unknown Speaker  0:51  
So the topics that I found interesting was how both a large company and peloton that's extremely global and extreme success over the last years, although their last year, it seems like they are falling behind their market share and their business model is becoming not as popular. Consumers are consuming their products less, which definitely is interesting and not talked about enough in different businesses, but nevertheless, the topic of how peloton is integrated AI and how the book sheds light on that, but also how it sheds light on Ali Pei's expanding business model and how Alipay is using AI

Unknown Speaker  1:49  
as well.

Unknown Speaker  1:51  
So to start off with Alipay, it's

Unknown Speaker  1:56  
introduces kind of what Alipay is, and their system of

Unknown Speaker  2:03  
their new virtual operating model and how it's extremely spanning everything.

Unknown Speaker  2:11  
But I think it's interesting how they use they're actually using AI and data to ensure trust within your customers, and

Unknown Speaker  2:25  
I like how the book sheds light on their security and highlights the security of Alipay. I think one thing that a lot of people are nervous about with AI and don't fully understand how AI is, just how secure AI can be, and how secure these large levels are, models and the amount of protection and software and security that's built into these platforms.

Unknown Speaker  3:00  
Companies wouldn't be integrating AI as much as they are, I believe if they did not know for sure that their customers data was safe. So I like how the book highlights the amount of AI and security that Alipay has integrated in to ensure trust in its customers, and I like how it also gives props to Alipay for this, and highlights how their customers are trust Alipay with their amount of their Security and that kind of stuff, and how they appreciate the layer, different layers of digital checks that alike uses all of

Unknown Speaker  3:50  
it is legitimate and in real time. So I appreciate how

Unknown Speaker  3:58  
on the amount of security that different platforms are integrated and make doesn't make light the situation of how people are concerned that their data is just being thrown out, sold and not fully secured by these AI and large language models.

Unknown Speaker  4:20  
But I like how the book highlights the different usages of AI in both a small company with growing company in Alipay, and a lot already extremely global, already set and I

Unknown Speaker  4:40  
a

Unknown Speaker  4:43  
pretty set and very established business like peloton, and how peloton is

Unknown Speaker  4:53  
integrating more into it.

Unknown Speaker  5:01  
I think peloton is very interesting. Their business model is very straightforward, like we're providing a service to you to connect to you, to these instructors, and their platform years ago was revolutionary and was extremely unlike anything else at the time, and since, has become kind of the standard of the industry. But I think the way that proton and as a payer both now using AI to integrate and make better their companies and to move their companies into the more into the 21st Century, and into this AI and large language model centered environment that we're building. I think it's interesting how the book sheds light on both smaller company and larger and I think does a very good job of highlighting the differences, but also

Unknown Speaker  6:16  
not making light of the situation and acknowledging consumers worries, but making sure that customers who read this book are feel it and experience trust because they're hearing about the AI and security that these companies are putting into their the security that these companies are building into their AIS and building into their website and integrating into their new business model going forward.

Unknown Speaker  6:55  
I.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
